He wants to revive
Miss Song Fuxing is my right-hand man
I can't give him to you.
I can find you any assistant you want
Can't it be without revival?
Right, good point.
I really can't do it without him
Excuse me.
I have a meeting to attend
I'll ask Zhou Zhu to send you out.
Dare to blatantly send me a kiss and rob a man
You are really capable
Has the sister plan passed?
Passed well done
Give you a raise
I don't want money
I want you
Be serious during work
Sister, are you really not going to give me one?
Mr. Su
You're crazy. I went crazy the moment I saw my sister
You go out first, I don't want it
obedient
Come on in.
Mr. Su is not good
Several other companies we worked with suddenly offered to cancel the contract
It is said that you have offended people who should not be offended.